We'll show you...
That we're better than you guys!
Come on, brats, I'll fight you!
How do you like my Binging Balls?
You couldn't dodge it, could you?
It was too fast and strong
for you to see, wasn't it?
"Whoosh"
Assault Dust!
Those guys don't know what to do!
C'mon, get 'em!
Dust...
Viral Cosmos!
Electromagnetic Bullets!
King Slam!
Hula Hoop!
Tongue Tank!
"Pro Hero - Present Mic - Quirk: Voice"
Crazy...
Kids these days are crazy strong!
Hey, what's going on?
When I was that age,
I couldn't produce that kind of power.
Physically, legally, or mentally.
This is what I have heard.
"Seiji Shishikura - Quirk: Meatball"
As the generations pass,
Quirks mix and deepen.
Those stronger, more complex Quirks
may one day become too
hard for anyone to control...
It's the Quirk singularity doomsday theory.
Watching these kids makes me
somewhat fearful that it'll come true...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry! It's all my--
Hold on, ma'am.
Well, it's their turn right now.
Let's watch a little more.
Gang Orca, don't you think this is bad?
Bad?
Is that what you think?
In other words,
"Pro Hero - Gang Orca - Quirk: Orcinus"
do you all think I'm just watching
an unexpected situation in a daze?
No, sir! No, sir!
Even if they failed before,
they're still aspiring to be heroes.
I'm not worried about
something so insignificant at all.
"Relief for License Trainees"
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
They're pretty crazy to attack
people without any hesitation!
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
It seems they think they can do
whatever they want against aspiring heroes.
"Inasa Yoarashi - Quirk: Whirlwind"
I just want to be friends with these kids,
even if it weren't part of the training...
No way...!
They're not scared of our Quirks...
Even though they were just
born a little earlier than us...
Everyone, let's show them more of our powers!
I'll go!
Queen Beam!
Hey, there.
I want to see your cute face.
Don't spoil it with wrinkles.
I won't!
Sorry, that was an illusion.
But, like, wouldn't you want
someone to say that to you?
Our school's so old-fashioned
it doesn't allow dating.
Le sigh.
"Shiketsu High School 2nd Year - Camie Utsushimi"
Shiketsu High School
second year, Camie Utsushimi.
"Shiketsu High School 2nd Year - Camie Utsushimi"
"Quirk: Glamour"
Quirk: Glamour.
She can create illusions
for a short period of time.
Abuse of this Quirk is prohibited!
"I want to see your cute face."
"pfft"
I thought it was good! Glamouroki!
Was it that funny?
Enough of that! Let's do the
thing we were talking about earlier!
What do you know...?!
I can outshine adults at anything!
I can even play piano better than them!
Those heroes that get
in trouble every day on TV!
The police!
Our teacher, who cries easily.
They're all completely hopeless compared to me!
We'll show you
that we can use our powers
way better than you guys!
You all really are amazing!
But you know,
just waving your power around
means you've got a long way to go!
Here I go!
Right.
In the building, though?
Lame.
Wow!
Wow, you can do stuff like this?
What, what, what? It's wonderful!
I can't make complex structures,
so I used the things you guys made as a frame.
I'm glad you all had good Quirks.
It's not fair that only
they're getting to do it!
I wanna do it, too!
Okay, get in line.
We have to make them think "Wow" or "Cool."
But if you lose to an opponent you look down on,
then it just makes you feel like crap.
At this rate, those kids...
...will end up causing trouble for others,
like me during the provisional exam.
I don't want them to go
down the same path as me.
Yeah.
Widening those kids' horizons...
...is something we should be able to do.
A plan that allows them
to completely dodge the attacks
and deepen the exchange between
them without breaking their spirits...
This is a good way to use Quirks.
It's kind of a relief.
Hey, you get in there, too.
What are you doing?
Will you let me go?
These standards are low!
You're their leader, aren't you?
If you keep looking down on everyone,
then you won't notice your own weaknesses.
Just some advice from one of your elders.
Remember it.
Hey, Baldy! Todoroki!
Baldy?!
What he said just now...
What is this...? Why...?
I can't tell he's not just saying it...
They're words from the heart...
Of course...
...they worked on me!
Next, let's all work together and
make something even more amazing!
Let's make a shock wave roller coaster!
Okay!
Isn't that impossible?
Those naughty children are...
What is this...?
After this, it's your turn.
Please guide them well.
I will.
What is the reason to be strong...?
Endeavor...
"Pro Hero - Endeavor - Quirk: Hellflame"
...I'm sure the answer
is very simple.
Work together and grasp
the hearts of those kids.
You did a good job with such vague instructions.
So you realized they were vague?
The rest of you also did a good job!
Remember what you learned at
today's training and work hard next time, too!
You all have much potential--
I mean, you damn kids!
Sir, yes, sir!
He actually really likes kids.
He's forcing himself to act like that.
After thinking about it, I totally like you now!
Our Quirks are good together, too!
I see.
Anyway, Bakugo, you're actually
not bad if you, like, shut up.
Try shutting up!
You shut up!
Very well.
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
We will also do what we can.
Oh? What's going on, Shishikura?
You chatting with All Might?
Seriously, the Symbol!
That's crazy, what were you
talking about? Like, life and stuff?
We were talking about you, you dunce!
Seriously? Crazy.
The reality is that the League
has gone after a school that's not U.A.
Up until now, we have not had any
especially deep interactions with U.A.,
but we were talking about coordinating
in the future to share more information.
We still do not know why
you were targeted, Utsushimi.
We are hoping to get a better idea of
what they're after by working together.
Craazy.
This means joint trainings are
also being considered for the future.
Next time, I'll beat you up one-on-one.
You're still behaving and speaking so violently!
Know your place!
I don't want to hear that from you.
Shoto.
Long time no see.
You've changed a lot.
I don't want to hear it.
Shoto...
I'm proud of you, son.
So I'll become...
...a hero that you can be proud of, too.
Proud that your father is the number one hero...
...the most powerful man.
Do what you want...
"thump"
Endeavor!
I'm cheering you on!
Thank you. You're bleeding a lot.
It's going slowly...
...but Endeavor and those boys and girls--
Sometimes coming to a standstill--
Sometimes looking back--
One step at a time--
They are moving forward.
"Gang Orca"
"Quirk: Orcinus"
"He can use his orca traits whether on land or in water."
"Affiliation: Pro Hero"
"Birthday: 10/29"
"Height: 202 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Strong People, Sea Bathing"
"All Might (True Form)"
"Quirk: One For All"
"Smashes villains with a super power passed down from one generation to the next."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Course Teacher"
"Birthday: 6/10"
"Height: 220 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Yakushima Cedar"
Before we knew it, September was over,
and October began...
Any traces of summer disappeared completely,
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
and the differences in temperature grew larger.
After that, those of us who
were work study students
went with All Might and Mr. Aizawa
to attend Nighteye's funeral.
After discussions between the school
and the hero agencies about the work studies,
it was decided that we would wait
and see what to do next.
Nighteye's sidekick, Centipeder,
took over Nighteye's agency,
waiting for Togata's return.
As for Eri,
even though she finally regained consciousness,
since she was still unstable emotionally
and her Quirk could go out of control at
any time, visitors weren't allowed to see her.
But,
the horn on Eri's forehead
that released her rewinding Quirk
shrank as her fever went down
and is now only about the size of a bump.
It's not that elegant of a question,
but calculate the definite integral.
"Pro Hero - Ectoplasm - Quirk: Clones"
If you know the answer, raise your hand.
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
Mr. Ectoplasm sometimes goes
overboard with this kind of stuff...
S-Start with yay...
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
Even Yaoyorozu, who's at the top
of the class, has stopped short, huh?
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
This is a question of the darkness.
Midoriya!
107/14!
Incorrect!
Yaoyorozu!
107/28!
Correct!
Now, onto the next page.
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
You were close.
Did you mess up your calculations?
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
Deku, you seem really into it.
It's good to put effort into your studies!
Now, in order to do well this afternoon, too,
let's go eat Lunch Rush's food!
Yeah, I'm starvi--
"Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Navel Laser"
Then, have some cheese.
And, from this day on...
...strange things started happening to me.
You scared me!
Cheese?!
Pont-l'Évêque cheese--it's
a smooth, mild cheese.
Huh?! I'm okay, I still have some in my mouth!
Thanks...
Aoyama, would you like
to join us in the cafeteria?
You usually eat by yourself, right?
Non!
"Non!"
The cafeteria food here does not agree with me!
"tip"
Everyone has different tastes...
I won't force you!
Well, we will see you later, then!
Strange things...
His words and actions always have impact,
but it's hard to tell what he's thinking.
That's Aoyama.
He...
...has started showing his true colors.
What was that just now?!
That was Aoyama, right?!
Huh?! Why is he on the balcony?!
What's he doing?! Why?!
Ah, this is scary! What should I do?!
His room is next door, so why is
he going through the balcony...?
Should I go see?
No! This is a little too
weird for me... It's scary...!
What in the world did he...?
"I know"
I know.
Cheese!
"The next day"
Don't run!
--But go as fast as you can!
--Go, go, go!
--One minute before class!
--Safe!
You just barely made it.
--It's too early to be that loud.
--You shouldn't stay up too late.
It can disturb your autonomic nervous system!
Sorry, Class Rep!
Surprise.
Aoyama... I was so scared, I couldn't sleep...
I've never really talked to Aoyama.
He's also not one who really
tries to interact with others.
He's a free spirit who says
what he wants when he wants.
That's the image I have of him...
I wonder if something's going on with him...
If there is, I can't talk about it with
everyone around and make it into a big deal.
Hey, Mineta! Did you see this?
What's the rating?
All ages.
"Mt. Lady and Edgeshot Team Up!"
Mt. Lady and Edgeshot have teamed up!
Kamui Woods is there, too!
Mt. Lady...?
Team Lurkers, right?
People have been talking about them for a while.
A lot of heroes are teaming up these days, huh?
Lady's progress is amazing.
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
Once we're pros, let's team up, too!
Uraraka, you can make me float!
And we can make acid rain!
Isn't that kind of cruel?
Sero can control me with his tape!
Huh? What're you talking about?
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
Koda and Shoji and Jiro will be the scouts.
We'll be called "Team Rainy Day"!
Yeah.
What about us?!
Don't need you!
When you team up, don't just look at Quirks.
Compatibility of personalities
is also important.
Yao-momo, that's just making it worse.
Everyone, start moving!
You'll run out of time to change!
"Gym Gamma"
Now, let's work on improving
your ultimate moves today, too!
If you haven't completed the assignment
to have at least two, work on that.
If you already have two,
then continue developing them.
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
Unbreakable!
Rappa, I'll become a man who won't flinch
one bit at the sight of someone like you!
I'll train by taking continuous
hits like the ones he gave.
In order to do that--
Bakugo, Sato, Midoriya!
Please beat me up to your heart's content!
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
People are going to misunderstand!
Sorry, I'm working on my own today...
Okay!
Have you made some progress?
Not at all...
No? I thought you were gonna go higher than me!
Kirishima! Let me shoot my Howitzer.
Sounds good!
No, it doesn't!
--The building's gonna be blown away!
--One For All...
When I forced myself,
I could draw out up to 20% of the power.
But even so, I couldn't beat Chisaki.
I need to be able to use 100% by myself.
Otherwise, I won't be able
to win or save anyone.
Hey.
Watch.
It's my new move, Navel Buffet Laser!
Right...
One more.
When I do this, my stomach
always starts hurting right away.
Then why did you do it just now?
Mr. Cementoss, Aoyama isn't feeling well.
Is it okay if he rests a little?
Sure.
We're alone together...
If I'm going to ask, now's the time!
Um... Recently... I mean, on the balcony...
"I know"
The "I know"...
What do you know?
Your Quirk isn't compatible with your body.
You're like me.
What are you talking about, Aoyama?
Like you?
How?
I've always had to wear this support item belt,
ever since I was little.
If I don't wear it,
then sometimes by Navel Laser leaks out.
I was born that way.
My Quirk is incompatible with my body, too.
That's what the doctor said.
When you first started at U.A.,
you couldn't control your Quirk at all, right?
I've always thought we were similar.
Ever since the work study,
you seem to be even more impatient than before.
Aoyama...
Surprises make you happy, right?
Surprises make me happier than anything!
So I did what I thought would make you happy!
How was it?
Was the cheese delicious?
I didn't have the courage to eat that!
If you only face painful things,
then you won't be able to twinkle!
I was surprised,
but it was all to encourage me...
Thanks. Your surprise
was a huge success, Aoyama.
Aoyama...?
It came out.
"Odor Eliminator"
And so...
Have a financier!
Thanks.
Aoyama, you've been cheerful lately.
...Aoyama and I became friends.
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
Autumn! It's the season of school festivals.
Those of us in hero course Class 1-A
were attacked by the League of Villains
and caused trouble for the students in
the other courses, so to let them have fun,
we're planning on putting
on a special performance.
We want everyone to enjoy it.
There's a girl I want to see smile, too.
Next time, "School Festival."
However, evil stealthily approaches...
"Next time: School Festival"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!